Dr. Young: Taped patient interview. Subject has no recorded name, alias listed as the Joker.
In the room is Warden Sharp and myself, Dr. Young.
Joker: (Ugh) is this another one of those boring psych evaluation tests?
Dr. Young: No, it’s not. So, you're the famous Joker.
Joker: In the flesh. So Doc, do you want me to look at the ink blots again?
The first one is a kitten I had when I was a child.
The second one is, hmmm, let's see... a dead elephant. The third is a...
Dr. Young: Very funny. Now let’s skip the jokes.
Joker: Skip the jokes? Hey, Sharpie, didn’t she get my permanent record?
Warden Sharp: Be quiet, clown!
Dr. Young: Every doctor that has ever interviewed you claims a different type of psychosis.
Everything from multiple personality disorders to well... the list is endless.
Joker: (soft giggle) Well, I do my best.
Dr. Young: Well, I don’t believe it. Anything can be cured with the correct treatment.
Joker: And... you think... you can cure me?
Dr. Young: Oh, I know I can.